Support disabling automountServiceAccountToken and volumes mounting in Helm chart (#4757)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: charts/nginx-gateway-fabric/README.md

> More granular configuration options may not show up in this table.
> Viewing the `values.yaml` file directly can show all available options.

| Key | Description | Type | Default |
|-----|-------------|------|---------|
| `certGenerator` | The certGenerator section contains the configuration for the cert-generator Job. | object | `{"affinity":{},"agentTLSSecretName":"agent-tls","annotations":{},"automountServiceAccountToken":true,"enable":true,"extraVolumeMounts":[],"extraVolumes":[],"nodeSelector":{},"overwrite":false,"serverTLSSecretName":"server-tls","tolerations":[],"topologySpreadConstraints":[],"ttlSecondsAfterFinished":30}` |
| `certGenerator.affinity` | The affinity of the cert-generator pod. | object | `{}` |
| `certGenerator.agentTLSSecretName` | The name of the base Secret containing TLS CA, certificate, and key for the NGINX Agent to securely communicate with the NGINX Gateway Fabric control plane. Must exist in the same namespace that the NGINX Gateway Fabric control plane is running in (default namespace: nginx-gateway). | string | `"agent-tls"` |
| `certGenerator.annotations` | The annotations of the cert-generator Job. | object | `{}` |

> | `certGenerator.automountServiceAccountToken` | Automount the service account token for the cert-generator pod. | bool | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `certGenerator.automountServiceAccountToken` | Auto-mount the service account token for the cert-generator pod. | bool | `true` |
```

For some reason I had a hard time reading the word "automount". Let's add this hyphen just so that it's clear what this is doing.
